[Edit] General (Reorganization): Historical Technical Figures (#1274)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/git.md

---
Title: 'Git'

> Description: 'Git is a popular version control tool that developers use to collaborate, share, and save all relevant versions of their work to avoid it being lost.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Git is a distributed version control system that developers use to collaborate, share, and save all relevant versions of their work to avoid it being lost.'
```
